the accuracy score. This is the objective function. Now, once that is done, we are ready to create a study
that we are using the optuna. This is present as a method inside optuna object itself. And since we
are using accuracy, we are setting the direction as maximize. Okay. So the study is created.
They've called study dot optimize. The number of trials we are setting as 100. You can increase
this number if you have more computation power and patience. All right. So this is the, we are printing
out the, the number of trials it took, the best parameters and the trial value itself. So I have
already run this code and you can see it has run for about 100 different iterations. And at the end,
you get an accuracy of 0.9649. Okay. So this is the best performance. So once the model is, once the
training is done, the search is done, we use the best parameters. So from study, get the best trial
and the parameters from that trail and rebuild this model. Okay. We have to retrain this model using the
best parameters and then you can do the prediction also. So this is based on the optuna packaging.